Updated docs for adding a new species (#1231)
popsim-consortium/stdpopsim: docs/development.rst

To add a new species to `stdpopsim` several things are required:

1. The genome definition
2. Generation time estimate
3. Mutation rate (per generation)
4. Recombination rate (per generation)
5. Characteristic population size

A genetic map with local recombination rates is optional.

These parameters should be based on what values might be drawn from a typical population
as represented in the literature for that species. Consequently one or more citations for
each value are expected and will be required for constructing the species object detailed
below.

> Once you have these things the first step is to create a new file in the `catalog/`
> directory named for the species (see `Naming conventions`_ for more details). All
> code described below should go in this file unless explicitly specified otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have these things the first step is to create a new subdirectory of the `catalog/`
directory named for the species (see `Naming conventions`_ for more details). All
code described below should go in this directory unless explicitly specified otherwise.
```

-----------------------------------
Adding/Updating a genome definition
-----------------------------------

`stdpopsim` has an automated procedure for generating a genome definition, which is
accomplished by pulling data from Ensembl and saving it for parsing.
First however the initial species directory must be created in the `stdpopsim/catalog/`

> directory (e.g. `stdpopsim/catalog/AraTha/`). Once that is done, we will hand the

Reviewer: This has just been said above. But do we need to say that you should actually be in that directory now?
